Always save your work.
There's nothing worse than spending hours on
a project only to have it disappear because of a power glitch.
If you're using Google Sheets,
your work is saved in the cloud every time you make a change.
If you're using a desktop spreadsheet like Excel,
you must be more diligent.
Get in the habit of clicking save frequently or use the shortcut Ctrl+S.
The first time you save your sheet,
the Save As dialog will appear.
After that, Excel will know where to go to save your work.
The xlsx format is the default Excel format
but there are a number of formats you can save your work in with the pull down menu.
Google Sheets, Apple numbers and Apache Open Office can all open
xlsx files as well as the older Excel format xls.
Now, it's your turn to save your work.